my custon modelfiles for ollama models

# weather
input:
ollama run weather "weather is rainy and its 16c degrees outside user is a male and name is jason" 

response:
Hello Jason, it's a bit chilly out today with the temperature hovering 
around 16 degrees Celsius. I would suggest you wear something warm like a 
sweater or a jacket, along with some pants and sturdy shoes to keep 
yourself dry in this rainy weather. Don't forget to bring an umbrella with
you to stay dry while moving around! Stay cozy and have a great day.


# briefwriter

input:
ollama run briefwriter "hello there our brand bilur comolokkos new pencil collection is on the way and we want to make an instagram ad for this. most of our products is for children"

response:
Brand name: Bilur Comolokkos, subject: New pencil collection coming soon, audience: Parents or teachers.


# copywriter

input:
ollama run copywriter "Brand name: Bilur Comolokkos, subject: New pencil collection coming soon, audience: Parents or teachers."

response:

COPY: Discover the excitement of back-to-school with Bilur Comolokkos' new
pencil collection.

BODYCOPY: As a parent or teacher, you understand the importance of having 
high-quality tools for learning. Our new collection caters to this need 
with a range of vibrant colors and durable pencils, perfect for classroom 
activities or personal study sessions.

---

COPY: Welcome the arrival of Bilur Comolokkos' new pencil collection – 
designed with kids in mind.

BODYCOPY: As parents or teachers, we want to ensure a fun and engaging 
learning experience for children. With Bilur Comolokkos' new collection, 
you can provide them with colorful, long-lasting pencils that inspire 
creativity and foster a love for art.

---

COPY: Introducing Bilur Comolokk Kos' latest pencil offering – designed to
fuel your child's passion for drawing.

BODYCOPY: As parents or teachers, we want our kids to express their 
artistic sides freely. Our new collection features an array of vibrant 
colors and sturdy pencils that will keep your little artists entertained 
and engaged for hours on end.

---

COPY: Bilur Comolokkos' newest pencil collection – the perfect addition to
every student's stationery arsenal.

BODYCOPY: As parents or teachers, we understand the importance of 
equipping students with the right tools for learning and success. With our
new range of ergonomic pencils and rich colors, Bilur Comolokkos is 
committed to supporting their academic endeavors.

---

COPY: Embrace the possibilities of Bilur Comolokkos' fresh pencil 
collection – tailored for learners.

BODYCOPY: As parents or teachers, we all strive to help our children reach
their full potential. By providing them with high-quality and innovative 
tools like our new pencil collection, we can give them the foundation they
need to excel in school and beyond.
